lighthouse: add page (#6102)
tldr-pages/tldr: pages/common/lighthouse.md

# lighthouse

> Analyzes web applications and web pages, collecting modern performance metrics and insights on developer best practices.
> More information: <https://github.com/GoogleChrome/lighthouse>.

- Generate an HTML report for a specific website and save it to a file:

> `lighthouse {{https://example.com}}`

Reviewer: Can you configure the file it saves to?

Author: That's the 3rd example.

Reviewer: Then it might be good to say the name of the file that is generated, or at least pattern. What it is?

Author: This is the final command output with the filename:
```
status Generating results... +1ms
Printer html output written to /tmp/www.google.com_2021-06-10_11-39-37.report.html +47ms
ChromeLauncher Killing Chrome instance 11817 +1ms
```

Reviewer: How about this then?
```suggestion
- Generate an HTML report for a specific website and save it to a temporary file:

`lighthouse {{https://example.com}}`
```

Reviewer: Ah, okay, yes, if that's more accurate it's a lot better 🙂

> - Generate a JSON report and print to stdout:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Generate a JSON report and print it:
```

`lighthouse --output {{json}} {{https://example.com}}`

- Generate a JSON report and save it to a specific file:

`lighthouse --output {{json}} --output-path {{path/to/file.json}} {{https://example.com}}`

- Generate a report using the browser in headless mode without logging to stdout:

`lighthouse --quiet --chrome-flags="{{--headless}}" {{https://example.com}}`

> - Generate a report using specific JSON HTTP Header key/value pairs to send in requests:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Generate a report, using the HTTP header key/value pairs in the specified JSON file for all requests:
```

`lighthouse --extra-headers={{path/to/file.json}} {{https://example.com}}`

> - Generate a report only for specific categories:

Reviewer: `for only` sounds a bit more natual here.
```suggestion
- Generate a report for only specific categories:
```

> - Generate a report for only specific categories:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Generate a report for specific categories only:
```
I thank that sounds a bit better.
